SERVICE CENTER LOCATIONS

For every update made to a service center on the ALCOLOCK USA website, the change has to be reflected on Google My Business. Please see the last entry for instructions on doing this.

Add new service center location

Login to admin section (for USA, go to /compliance)
Navigate using left hand menu to Extension -> Modules
Edit the Store Location module
Click "Store location Panel" Map icon on top right to display list of locations
Click the blue "Add location" plus button on the top right
Fill out the Genral tab
Enter title in this format: ALCOLOCK - [City name]. e.g ALCOLOCK - Waterloo
Enter description in this format: Seevers Auto Care - 302 Eugene Ave, North Platte, NE 69101. For USA locations, use USPS abbreviations e.g Street = st, avenue = ave. For other jurisdictions, ebter the full location
Enter hours of operation as By appointment if no hours are provided.
Fill out the alternate language tabs (if applicable)
Click on the Data tab
Add a shortcut url in SEO URL. use lower case characters and concantenate words usinga dash "-" so there are no spaces in between
Set Features to enabled
Set Status to enabled
Click "The LatLong.net website can help you locate an exact latitude/longitude." link to find Lat & Long values
On the Latlong.net website, paste the address to generate the lat/long coordinates
Enter these on the Store Location module in their respective fields
Add the Region/State/province
Add the phone number (For Canada, use the phone number provided. For USA, add the phone number for the state e.g Illinois: 1 (888) 786-1197. The phone number for each state can be found by clicking "Find Locations" in the main nav menu and selecting the appropriate state from the list. The phone number at the top right of the website will change from state to state.
Leave email field blank
Click the save icon on the top right


Edit existing service center location

Login to admin section (for USA, go to /compliance)
Navigate using left hand menu to Extension -> Modules
Edit the Store Location module
Click "Store location Panel" Map icon on top right to display list of locations
Click the blue edit icon beside the location you wish to edit
Edit the values required to change. Follow steps above for new addresses.
Click the save icon on the top right

Delete/close existing service center location

Login to admin section (for USA, go to /compliance)
Navigate using left hand menu to Extension -> Modules
Edit the Store Location module
Click "Store location Panel" Map icon on top right to display list of locations
Click the blue edit icon beside the location you wish to delete/close
Click on the data tabe
Set Features option to disabled
Set Status option to disabled
Click the save icon on the top right


Google My Business

Add new location 

Navigate to https://www.google.com/business/
Sign In using the ALCOLOCK USA gmail account
Click the blue plus icon on the bottom right
Set business name to ALCOLOCK @ [Name of Company] e.g ALCOLOCK @ Cunico Tire Company
Enter address and phone number and described above, depending on jurisdiction
Set category to Auto Electrical Service
Set website as link to location page. e.g for Maryland: http://alcolockusa.com/compliance/maryland
Save location
On the confrim location page, if you see the following message "The following business looks similar to the business that you added. Is this your business?". Click "This doesn't match"
Check the authorization box
Click continue
Return to location listings by clicking on Google My Business logo
Sort locations by store code in descending order (bottom pane).
Find 2nd to last entry (e.g 45527)
Add one to the value (e.g 45528)
View the To-do pane (center pane)
Click "Missing store codes"
Click Add store code
Enter the new value (e.g 45528) 
Click Apply


